CI migration guides (#1438)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/migration-guides/migrating-from-githubactions.md

---
title: Migrate from GitHub Actions to Harness CI
description: Learn how to migrate your existing GitHub Actions workflows to Harness CI.
sidebar_position: 20
---

Harness CI and GitHub Actions both allow you to create workflows that automatically build, test, publish, release, and deploy code.

Harness does not require scripting, and configurations are passed to pipelines securely and pragmatically. In contrast, GitHub Actions provides third-party actions that you use with semi-plug-and-play functionality.

## What makes Harness CI unique?

Harness CI provides proprietary technologies, like Cache Intelligence and Test Intelligence, which make Harness CI [four times faster](https://harness.io/blog/fastest-ci-tool) than other leading CI tools.

> * Harness [Test Intelligence (TI)](/docs/continuous-integration/ci-quickstarts/test-intelligence-concepts) is a proprietary technology that speeds up test cycles by running only the tests required to confirm the quality of the code changes that triggered a build. Visualizations show which code changes caused which tests to be selected, and it can help you identify gaps in your test plan. TI also identifies negative trends and provides actionable insights to improve quality. It's possible to reduce build cycle times by up to 90 percent without compromising application quality. This functionality is not built into CircleCI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Harness [Test Intelligence (TI)](/docs/continuous-integration/ci-quickstarts/test-intelligence-concepts) is a proprietary technology that accelerates test cycles by only running the tests needed to confirm the quality of code changes that triggered a build. It includes visualizations that indicate which code changes causes tests and identifies gaps in test plans. TI detects negative trends and offers actionable insights for improving quality. With TI, build cycle times can be reduced by up to 90% without sacrificing application quality. However, CircleCI doesn't have this feature built-in.
```

Reviewer: just an attempt to shorten the sentences. Feel free to ignore.
